The Joe Rogan experience. Who was a veteran as well. Mm. Um,
that's one thing that you have over them for sure.
Is that you understand from firsthand experience and sacrifice what it
means to actually be in war and to be in combat. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, over, I, I still serve in the army national guard now over over 16,
I've deployed twice to the middle east. And, uh, coupled with my experience in,
in Congress serving over six years on the foreign affairs and the armed services
committees,
working intimately on these issues related to national security and our foreign
policy meeting with leaders of different countries in the world, it,
these experiences and the understanding that I've gained from them that
best equip me to walk in the door, walk into the oval office on day one,
ready to do the job of president. And most importantly, commander in chief.
What hurdles are you encountering that you didn't expect?
Uh, you know, a lot of what's happening are things that, that,
that we kind of did expect, you know, the, the smear campaigns, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> the, the misinformation campaigns. Um, do you think that's.
That someone's doing this on purpose,
or do you think this is team mentality in action,
where people are supporting a particular candidate and they look at you as being
competition and that candidate, like, what do you think is happen?
I think it's probably a combination. Um, you know, I'm,
I'm challenging the establishment challenging the status quo,
challenging the foreign policy establishment, uh,
and challenging the political establishment in calling things,
as I see them calling it straight and, and speaking the truth,
whether that be calling out leaders within my own party or leaders of the other
political party. And, um, you know,
I think that that strikes fear in a lot of people who are uncomfortable with
it at a minimum and who are concerned because when, you know,
we, the people rise up and say, Hey, what's really going on here.
We're calling out self-serving politicians in Washington from both political
parties who are putting their own political interests or the interests of their
party ahead of the interest of the people, or they're putting the interests of,
you know,
whatever greedy corporation in their lobbyists is writing the biggest checks to
their campaigns ahead of the interests of the people.
So the more this awareness comes out,
the more people stand up and speak out and say, Hey, this is unacceptable.
This is unacceptable.
Then it's threatening that very power base that they, um,
have, have thrived and, and lived off of for far too long. We.
Should talk about how you're funded too.
Just so people understand your position. Yeah.
So people powered can campaign 100, we take hundred percent,
no NOPAC contributions, no lobbyist contributions.
Every single dollar that comes to my campaign for president is coming from
individual people across this country,
whether it's a dollar or a thousand dollars people who are giving whatever they
can, uh, in joining this movement.
There's a great joke. I, I think it's from Dennis Miller.
I hope I'm not misquoting it, but it's,
he was talking about how politicians wear patches in their jackets,
like NASCAR drivers seriously. <laugh> that is like,
you should have to know seriously. Yeah. So.
What you have those disclaimers there?
I, what if I put my tenfoil hat on,
when I talk about these interventionalist foreign policy wars and,
and regime change wars, the,
the tenfoil hat thinks military industrial complex. Yeah.
People being asked or forced into making decisions that
benefit these giant corporations that makes make weapons and profit off of war.
Yeah. This is the worst case scenario in, in terms of conspiracy theories,
the idea that someone wants war so that they can make money and they don't care
if people die even needlessly, this is our number one conspiracy fear. Right?
If you had to think about,
of all the things that you hope are not true about the way the world works.
Yeah. That would probably be an number one.
Well,
you can take your 10 foil hat off because the military industrial
complex is a real thing. This is something that, um,
president Eisenhower talked about.
Which is an amazing speech, amazing speech.
His, his last speech. Yeah.
As president of the United States of all the things that he could talk about,
he chose to focus on the military industrial complex and how D should do that.
Right now. It is. I feel like we should play that. Yes.
Just cause it's absolutely it's play that clip. It's so crazy.
And most people have never heard it before.
And you hear about the term military industrial complex.
And one thing that has been done,
that's really interesting is the word conspiracy has become a dirty word.
Yeah. And that dirty word or a, a word that's it it's,
it's easy to make something silly by calling it a conspiracy. Yeah.
Even though there are times where people conspire to do things that's right.
I mean, that's why that word exists. Right? I mean,
it's not like people don't make plans to do things that are illegal. Yeah.
Of course they do. That's why the FBI's around and yeah,
but this is from the national archives and this was Eisenhower's speech.
As he was leaving office, I.
You with a message of leave taking and.
Farewell 1961, police did not get very much attention when a new press, oh,
who was this guy? Jamie, you picked up the wrong version, son of a.
I'm sure there's a, an actual version of it. Yeah. Here we go. Chill. Uh,
January 17th, 1961. Back when everything was black and white.
The president of the United States. Good evening. My fellow Americans,
we now stand 10 years past a midpoint of a century that has witnessed four
major wars among great nations.
This is a bad one, too. Jay, we son have a while.
He's looking for the right clip. What people, I think.
He's just gonna play music in the background. That's all it's gonna do. What.
Most people don't know is that his,
his first draft of that speech said congressional military
industrial complex, whoa.
And somewhere between the draft and the speech that was delivered,
he took out that word congressional,
but he was directly connecting those dots. Whoa. That some may say,
oh, well, that's just a conspiracy theory.
But he was connecting those dots with the influence that the military industrial
complex has on leaders in Congress who are making decisions about how our money
is spent and where our troops are sent off into battle congressional.
Congressional, military industrial complex. Wow. I need extra foil.
<laugh>.
Gets you a new box, fine.
Speech. It's crazy how they couldn't keep the camera steady back then either.
I're still gonna do it either. <laugh> thanks.
Someone else's voice might be here. It.
Goes good evening. My fellow America, just skip ahead. A.
Couple seconds here. A.
Vital element in keeping the peace is our military establishment.
Our arms must be mighty ready for instant action so that no
potential aggressor may be tempted to risk his destruction.
Our military organization today bears little relation to that known
of any of my predecessors in peace time or indeed by the fighting men of world
war II or Korea
until the latest of our world conflicts.
The United States had no armaments industry.
American makers of plow airs could with time and as required,
make swords as well,
but we can no longer risk emergency improvisation of national defense.
We have been compelled to create a permanent arminance industry of vast
proportions added to this three and a half million men and women
are directly engaged in the defense establishment.
We annually spend on military security alone more than the net
income of all United States corporation corporations.
Now this conjunction of a immense military establishment and a large arms
industry is new in the American experience.
The total influence economic political,
even spiritual is felt in every city, every state house,
every office of the federal government.
We recognize the imperative need for this development.
Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications.
Our toil resources and livelihood are all involved.
So is the very structure of our society. In the councils of government.
We must car guard against the acquisition of warranted influence,
whether sought or unsaught by the military industrial complex,
the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will
persist. We must never let the weight of this combination in danger,
our liberties or democratic processes. Okay. We should take nothing for grant.
We.
You, you could listen to the rest of the speech if you want to online,
but it's very chilling. Yes. Cuz this is the sitting president leaving office.
And this is what he wants to tell people and.
A soldier. Yes. He's the guy who had military experience.
He's a guy who saw first hand wearing the uniform and then serving as
commander in chief. And this was his final warning to the nation.
The military companies are like most companies,
they always want to grow. Mm-hmm <affirmative> companies seek infinite growth.
They, they constantly seek better quarters every year.
They wanna make more money than they did last year. That's what they're doing.
They're they're in the business of making money.
They're not just in the business of creating things.
They they're creating things for a profit that's right.
And they're gonna have a little wiggle room. And especially with politicians,
with politicians that are in their pocket and they've spent millions of dollars
helping them along the way. Yeah. And you know, they're gonna,
they're gonna help each other. Yeah.
And this long in history of helping each other. That's right.
That's um, I mean, you, you,
you see that very directly through contributions that are being made,
uh, to politicians by different defense contractors and the corresponding
votes that are then taken. Uh,
but you also see this corruption that's happen before our very eyes,
uh, happening within places like the Pentagon,
where you either have people in uniform or civilians who are working in
contracting, for example, in the Pentagon,
laying the groundwork for writing up these contracts major multi-billion dollar
concontracts with these big defense contractors and then the
lay down the uniform,
or you retire from service either as a civilian or in the military.
And then you turn around, leave that door and walk into another door,
working for the very same contractor that you just wrote the contract for.
Yeah, this is happening. This is what, this is what we need to change.
And we're talking about both campaign finance reform,
but also reforming this kind of corruption and this revolving door that's
happening in different parts of our government.
You see it happening in wall street too. Yes. The S E C regulators,
people are supposed to be regulating wall street are coming from wall street and
then going back to wall street to work for the very same companies that they
were supposedly just charged to late.
This is a big problem that we've gotta fix.
Yeah. There's a fantastic documentary on that, uh, called inside job. Yeah.
I dunno. If do you see it? Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah. You,
you see when he's confronting these guys who are professors who then go and
take these jobs and make millions of dollars with the very regulations that they
help put into place. That's right.
And it's happening with foreign policy as well. When you look at who,
who are the main people who go and testify in front of Congress, uh,
coming from think tanks very well known think tanks, uh,
global think tanks that specialize in foreign policy. Uh,
they don't have a placard on,
on their desk when they're testifying before congressing we receive funding from
Saudi Arabia, from Q mm-hmm, <affirmative> from the United Arab Emirates,
from all these different countries who are spending a lot of money funding,
these thinktakes that then come forward and, uh,
push policies or push ideas to leaders in Congress that
not coincidentally benefit the countries that are funding them.
What,
what could be done to stop that other than someone like you getting
into power? Well, and what could you do once you get in there?
I think, I think two, two things. I mean, obviously as,
as president and commander in chief,
you set the tone for the kind of leadership ship that we have in this country
that will put service above self. And th this is what,
what I will bring as present,
bring those soldiers values of putting service above self,
putting service to the American people in your country.
First and foremost ahead of everything else ahead of the interest of a political
party or a corporation or,
or a foreign country for that matter and work to pass legislation in Congress
that would close these revolving doors that would require this,
uh, transparency. When you're talking about who is funding,
who and where is this money coming from?
I think members of Congress should not be taking pat contributions should be
relying solely on contributions from people in this country so that they know
exactly who is funding their campaigns.
That really seems like a nobrainer. Yeah. That one seems like a no brainer.
If you really want, and'mething what the people want.
It's something that that's starting to happen organically.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> as more and more people, uh,
are calling for this kind of reform and saying, Hey, look, if you want my vote,
then I expect you to not accept those contributions and to run a people
powered campaign.
How many people are doing that besides you?
Uh, there's a couple who are running for president.
There is a slowly growing number of people who have run for and got,
gotten elected to Congress. Uh, but look, it's, it's, uh,
it's in the margins compared to where we need to be.
So.